.Dd October 12, 2008
.Dt LMSGLOBALPROXY 3
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm lms_proxyset, lms_proxyclear
.Nd Set or clear global proxy information
.Sh LIBRARY
-lmsocket
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.In msocket.h
.Ft int
.Fo lms_proxyset
.Fa "unsigned short type"
.Fa "char *host"
.Fa "int port"
.Fc
.Ft int
.Fo lms_proxyclear
.Fc
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Fn lms_proxset
function sets a global proxy for use with any and all MSocket outbound connections.  All outbound connections without specific proxy settings in the MSocket object will go through this proxy.  
This proxy can be overridden on a socket-by-socket basis by specifying specific proxies in the MSocket objects, however no connections can be made while this is set which use NO proxy.  
.Pp
The 
.Fn lms_proxyclear
function clears that setting, and returns MSocket to normal direct connectivity action.  Proxies can still be utilized by specifying them in the individual MSocket objects, but MSocket objects
without specific proxy settings will not be proxied after this has been called.  
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr lms_init 3 ,
.Xr lms_socket_connect 3
.Sh BUGS
Even when using a Socks5 proxy, DNS leaks can sometimes occur.  Normal outbound connections via 
.Fn lms_socket_iconn 
are proxied using a hostname, if one is specified, per the Socks5 protocol specification, however even after a call to 
.Fn lms_setproxy 
non-proxied DNS lookups can be made via the MSocket DNS API.  This can compromise anonymity when using Tor, and should be used cautiously by programmers.  
When using a Socks5 proxy to establish anonymity, calls to MSocket DNS routines are discouraged so as not to leak information.  At some point in the future, 
it is likely that an API for doing DNS resolution via a Tor daemon will be implemented.  
